Add spinnaker and drone files (#173)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/spinnaker.md

---

> name: Spinnaker/Spin

Author: ```suggestion
name: Spinnaker CLI (Spin)
```

Author: Rahul: Resolved

category: DevOps

> description: Spinnaker is an open-source, multi-cloud continuous delivery platform that combines a powerful and flexible pipeline management system with integrations to the major cloud providers. One way to manage applications and pipelines as code is through spin.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Spinnaker is an open-source, multi-cloud continuous delivery platform that combines a powerful and flexible pipeline management system with integrations to the major cloud providers. Spin CLI is used to manage applications and pipelines.
```

Author: Rahul: Resolved
